# (4) PUBLIC POWER ${ }^{\text {TM }}$ 

## ILLINOIS COMMERCIAL CUSTOMER LETTER OF AGENCY

## CUSTOMER INFORMATION

| Clustor Name: |  |  |  |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| Clustor Name: |  |  |  |
| Name: |  |  |  |
| Name: |  |  |  |

PRICING INFORMATION

| Commodity | Price | Term | Start |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| Electricity | $5.143 \mathrm{C} / \mathrm{kWh}$ | 36 months | December 2017 |
| Natural Gas |  |  |  |

## SPECIAL TERMS

Please note that acceptance of this Agreement is subject to market conditions and final approval by Company. This Offer Expires on 08-21-2017 05:00 PM.

SWITCH AUTHORIZATION AND ENROLLMENT. By my signing below, I hereby authorize the Company to use the information I am providing in this form to enroll my Service, or Services, as the case may be. I affirm and represent that: (i) I am at least 18 years of age and legally authorized to switch the supplier for the address or addresses shown on Attachment A, Authorized Meters for Service, (ii) the Customer applying to enroll is a Commercial Customer (as defined herein), (iii) I have reviewed, understand and agree to the Price, Term, and the attached Terms \& Conditions; and (iv) the selection of Company as my energy supplier may result in a charge from my current energy supplier if I have not fulfilled my existing agreement. Signatures by facsimile or digital shall be as effective as original signatures to this Agreement.

Authorized Signature: $\qquad$

Printed Name: $\qquad$

Title: $\qquad$

Date: $\qquad$

OFFICE USE ONLY
Company Approval:
Processed by:
Date:

# ILLINOIS COMMERCIAL CUSTOMER TERMS \& CONDITIONS 

You authorize Public Power, LLC ("Company"), a member of the Crius Energy family of brands, to change your electricity and/or natural gas supplier, as the case may be, to Company and to supply your business with all the Services you need, subject to the eligibility requirements of your local electric or natural gas utility ("Utility"). Your Enrollment Documentation, which includes your Enrollment Form, these Terms and Conditions, and any attachments create your agreement with the Company ("Agreement") and supersedes any oral or written statements made in connection with this Agreement or the supply of your Services. Capitalized terms used herein have the meaning ascribed to them as listed within the Agreement as well as in the "Definitions" section herein.

1. SERVICES. Upon successful completion and receipt of all customer enrollment requirements, Company will supply Services for your business. Company is a retail marketer of Services and is not your Utility. Your Utility will continue to deliver Services to your business, read your meter, send your bill and make repairs and charge you for its services related to delivering your commodities. Your Utility will also respond to emergencies and provide other traditional utility services. You understand that you are not required to switch your Services to Company. The Company does not charge you for starting or stopping Service; however, your Utility may charge switching fees, so please check with your Utility.
2. TERM. Company will begin supplying your Services when the Utility switches your account to Company. Your Agreement will continue for the Term specified in the Enrollment Documentation or herein, and if applicable for the Renewal Term. Your Term is based on monthly billing cycles as determined by your Utility and each monthly billing cycle may not represent a full calendar month. If your Utility bills bimonthly, Company will treat this as two monthly billing cycles. Typically it takes one to two billing cycles for your Service to be switched from your Utility to the Company, but there may be a delay before the Utility switches Services and you understand that Company is not responsible for any such delays. Your natural gas enrollment with Company is subject to certain Company minimum Utility pooling requirements; if such requirements are not met in a reasonable time period, your Agreement will not be accepted and you will remain with your current service provider.
3. PRICE. Company does not charge any fee for you to switch from your utility to Company. Please note that some products have specific fees related to the product or plan you choose which are detailed in your product Enrollment Documentation; these fees are not switching fees. Each month you will pay for the Services you consume. For electricity, your bill will be calculated by multiplying your Rate by the amount of electricity you consumed in kilowatt-hours during the billing cycle, plus any applicable Fees. For electricity, the price on your Enrollment Form includes energy, shaping and balancing, losses, ancillaries, capacity, transmission (NITs), renewable portfolio standards, credit, and ARR. For natural gas, your bill will be calculated by multiplying your Rate by the amount of natural gas you consumed in McIs, ccIs or therms, as applicable, during the billing cycle, plus any applicable Fees. For natural gas, the
price on your Enrollment Form includes energy, fuel, ufg, basis and reserve. Depending on your Utility's billing practices, your Rate during the billing cycle may be applied pro rata, resulting in a blended rate of the previous month and the current month Rate. If your price is based on an estimated usage for such Services, the Company has the right to bill you on actual usage when such information is made available and you have the obligation to pay Company for such actual usage amounts.

## 4. RATE PLAN OPTIONS.

a. Fixed Rate. If you selected a fixed rate, the Rate for your Service is the Rate indicated in your Enrollment Documentation and guaranteed not to change for the Term, except as otherwise provided for herein ("Fixed Rate").
b. Variable Rate. If you selected a variable rate, the Rate for your Service is the Rate indicated in your Enrollment Documentation and will vary based on numerous factors, including but not limited to market conditions, operations costs, capacity costs, transmission (NITs), load ratio, ancillary costs, hedging costs, costs associate with procuring renewable energy credits and other factors and may include an introductory rate for such time as indicated in your Enrollment Documentation ("Variable Rate"). Your Variable Rate may change on each monthly bill cycle.
c. Index Rates. If you selected an index rate, the Rate for your Service will be the index Rate indicated in your Enrollment Documentation and will vary in accordance with the terms of the specific index ("Index Rate").
d. Understanding and Selecting Rates. You understand that unless you have been offered a Rate in writing confirmed by the Company that expressly provides otherwise, there are no guaranteed savings and your Rate may be higher or lower than the Utility's rate in any given month.

## 5. TERMINATION

a. Your Right to Terminate. If you terminate a Fixed Rate plan prior to the end of your Term, you will be charged an Early Termination Fee equal to the Remaining Contract Quantity times the greater of (i) Contract Price less Market Price at the time of the termination, or (ii) $\$ 0.02$ per kWh or $\$ 0.20$ per Ccf/therm. Remaining Contract Quantity shall mean the total estimated usage for the period remaining in the Fixed Term of this Agreement at the time of termination, based on Buyer's historical usage or Company's estimated

usage calculated in a commercially reasonable manner. The Market Price for the remainder of the Fixed Term will be determined by Company in a commercially reasonable manner.
b. Company's Right to Terminate. You are affirming to Company that you are a Commercial Customer, with certain usage requirements, and that you have provided Company with your correct and complete name, address, and contact information and that you do not have any outstanding balance with Company. If there is any evidence that these statements are or become untrue, or you otherwise provide fraudulent or misrepresented information, Company can cancel this Agreement immediately. If, due to new or changes in tariffs, rates, riders, fees, or customer load profiles, charged or authorized by the Utility, MISO, PJM, Illinois Commerce Commission ("ICC"), FERC or other regulatory party with respect to the acquisition, sale, delivery, and purchase of the Services, performance of this Agreement becomes materially uneconomical to Company, Company can cancel this Agreement after following the ICC regulations regarding notice provisions and the prescribed time frame(s) if any apply. If Company cancels this Agreement, you must still pay all Company charges through the date you are switched to another supplier or returned to the Utility for service. Your cancellation will not be effective until Company gives notice to the Utility of your cancellation request and the Utility accepts and processes the transaction.
c. Termination for Failure to Pay. Failure to pay your bill may result in the disconnection of Services in accordance with the Utility's policies and rules, and this Agreement may be automatically terminated. Company may terminate this Agreement on written notice to you should you fail to pay your bill or fail to meet any agreed-upon payment arrangements with the Company.
c. Termination Notice: Effect of Termination. To terminate this Agreement, you may notify Company as detailed in Section 13. Please provide your name, address, phone number, account number and a statement that you are terminating the Agreement. Termination will be processed immediately but is effective upon your Utility processing your termination and you are obligated to pay for the Services provided pursuant to this Agreement until you are returned to your Utility or alternative supplier.
6. BILLING AND PAYMENT. The Services you purchase from Company will be included in your Utility monthly bill or in a separate invoice from Company. If from the Utility, the Utility will set your payment due date and the payment address. Any bill not paid in full by its due date will incur a late payment fee in accordance with the Utility's or the Company's billing and payment policies and procedures, as the case may be. You may be liable for the costs the Company incurs if Company must terminate your Services for failure to pay, such as collection costs or attorney fees. Company shall have the right to setoff and net against any undisputed amounts owed by you under this Agreement, and the Company shall additionally have the right to setoff and net against any deposit or security provided by you pursuant
to this Agreement any amounts, charges or damages owed by you to Company. You will be billed and pay Company for the Services based on meter readings and consumption information that Company receives from your Utility ("Billing Quantity"). Company will have the option to adjust the Billing Quantity for fuel and line loss retained by your Utility and interstate transporters from the Purchased Quantities. You are responsible for paying and reimbursing Company for all applicable Fees. If you are tax exempt, you must furnish Company an exemption certificate before your Services commence.
7. CUSTOMER INFORMATION. All authorizations provided herein will remain in effect for the Term and, if applicable, the Renewal Term of this Agreement; however, authorization may be rescinded by you any time by contacting Company.
a. Credit Requirement. You understand that Company may review your credit history. If you fail to meet Company credit criteria, you understand that Company may refuse or terminate Service. You may be required to promptly provide Credit Enhancements to continue Service if (i) there is a deterioration in your credit rating, (ii) you fail to make timely payments for Services hereunder, or (iii) there is a Change in Usage. You have the right to request from Company up to twenty-four months of your payment history without charge.
b. Customer Information. You consent and authorize Company to obtain your Customer Information from your Utility and, under a confidentiality agreement, share your Customer Information with Company Agents. Company will not otherwise release Customer Information without Customer consent, except as required by law.
8. RENEWAL. If you do not terminate Services or execute a new agreement, your Services will automatically default to a Variable Rate. If after your Term ends you: (i) do not execute a new agreement; (ii) switch to another supplier; or (iii) return to your Utility, you are not subject to any Early Termination Fees.
9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION. If you have billing questions or would like to make an inquiry about the Company's terms of service, you may contact the Company as indicated in Section 13. We will attempt to resolve the matter within five (5) business days. If your complaint is not resolved after you have called the Company and/or the Utility, or for general utility information, you may contact the ICC for assistance.
You and the Company both agree to resolve Disputes only by arbitration or in small claims court (for qualifying claims). You and the Company each agree that arbitration will only be pursued on an individual basis, and will not be pursued on a classwide, representative or consolidated basis. This Agreement does not allow class, representative or collective arbitrations even if the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA") procedures or rules would.
Except as otherwise provided below, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. ยง 1 et seq. (the "FAA") applies exclusively to this agreement to arbitrate, and this agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. The arbitrator's decision

and award is final and binding, with some exceptions under the FAA, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court with jurisdiction.

Prior to initiating arbitration, a party must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written notice of dispute ("Dispute Notice"). The Dispute Notice to the Company should be addressed to the Notice Address listed in Section 13. The Dispute Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or Dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand"). If the Company and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the Dispute Notice is received, you or the Company may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by the Company or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.
The arbitration will be conducted by: (i) a neutral third party arbitrator mutually agreed upon by you and the Company; or (ii) the AAA. The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the AAA, as modified by this Agreement.
10. EMERGENCY In the event of an emergency such as a power failure, a downed power line, or a natural gas leak, you should call your Utility at the emergency number indicated in the table below. You can also call your local emergency personnel at 911 if the emergency warrants.

| Utility | Emergency Contact <br> Number |
| :-- | :-- |
| Commonwealth Edison <br> Company | $1-800-334-7661$ |
| Ameren Illinois Company | $1-800-775-5000$ |
| Nicor Gas Company | $1-888-642-6748$ |
| People's Gas | $1-866-556-6001$ |
| North Shore Gas | $1-866-556-6004$ |

11. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND WARRANTY EXCEPT FOR THE EARLY TERMINATION FEE HEREIN, NEITHER YOU NOR COMPANY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM A BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES. COMPANY DOES NOT GIVE ANY TYPE OF WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR BILLING OR COMMUNICATION ERRORS AFTER 90 DAYS IF YOU DO NOT CONTACT US REGARDING SUCH ERRORS WITHIN 90 DAYS AFTER THE STATEMENT SHOWING THE TRANSACTION HAS BEEN MAILED TO YOU.
12. FORCE MAJEURE Company will not be responsible
for supplying Services to you in the event of circumstances beyond Company's control such as events of force majeure, as defined by your Utility or any transmitting or transportation entity, which includes but is not limited to acts of terrorism, extreme weather conditions disrupting Services, sabotage or acts of God.
13. CONTACTING COMPANY. For any notice required in this Agreement or to contact us generally, you may contact the Company by as indicated in the table below.

| Email | service@ppandu.com |
| :-- | :-- |
| Mail | 535 Connecticut Avenue, Sixth Floor <br> Norwalk, CT 06854 |
| Phone Number | $888-354-4415$ |
|  | Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to <br> 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time |
| Website | www.ppandu.com |

## 14. MISCELLANEOUS

a. Use of Services. You must notify Company if you generate renewable energy or use net metering. If you use net metering, or if there is a Change in Usage, Company reserves the right to modify your Rate or terminate this Agreement and recover costs, if any. In addition, the Company has the right to refuse or terminate Services, and recover costs, if any, if there is a Change in Usage.
b. Agency and Point of Sale. (i) If you are receiving natural gas service, you hereby designate Company as your agent to: (A) arrange and administer contracts and service arrangements between you and your Utility, and between you and the interstate pipeline transporters of your natural gas (including capacity release, re-release, and recall arrangements); (B) nominate and schedule with the interstate pipelines the transportation of your natural gas from the Sales Points to the Delivery Points, and with your Utility for the transportation of your natural gas from the Delivery Points to your premises; and (C) aggregate your natural gas with the natural gas supplies of Company's other customers in order for you to qualify for transportation service and to address and resolve imbalances (if any) during the Term of this Agreement. As your agent, Company will schedule the delivery of a quantity of natural gas at the Sales Points necessary to meet your city gate requirements based on the consumption and other information that Company receives from your Utility. Company, as your agent, will arrange for the transportation of natural gas from the Sales Points to the Delivery Points, and from the Delivery Points to your premises; and (ii) if you are receiving electric service, you hereby designate Company as your agent for the purpose of arranging, contracting for, and administering transmission services (including those provided by your Utility) for the delivery of electricity.
c. Title; Risk of Loss. You and Company agree that title to, control of, and risk of loss of the Purchase Quantities

supplied under this Agreement will transfer from Company to you at the Sales Points. Company and you agree that transactions under this Agreement are originated and consummated outside the jurisdictional limits of the municipality and county, or other taxing authority where your service address is located. If a taxing authority determines that a gross receipts tax or other tax is applicable to the sale of the electric service or gas service under this Agreement, you agree to pay such tax, as invoiced. As between Company and you as a Commercial Customer, you will be deemed to be in exclusive control of the natural gas and/or electricity and responsible for any damage, injury, charges, transportation fees, costs or losses at and after the Sales Points, including, without limitation, any losses that Company incurs that result from having to resell, or its inability to resell, to another party natural gas and/or electricity supplies allocated for you. As between Company and you, Company will be deemed in exclusive control of the natural gas and/or electricity, and responsible for any damage, injury, charges, transportation fees, costs or losses until the natural gas and/ or electricity is delivered to the Sales Points; provided, however, that in no event shall Company's liability under this Agreement exceed the difference between the reasonable price of replacing any undelivered natural gas and/or electricity and the price of natural gas and/or electricity under this Agreement.
d. Assignment. You may not assign this Agreement without prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Company reserves the right to sell, transfer, pledge or assign this Agreement and your account, and related revenues and proceeds for financial purposes or in connection with a sale. You authorize Company to assign this Agreement to another competitive retail supplier, or other entity as authorized by the ICC and any required assignment notice will be considered to have been made to the customer of record if mailed to the appropriate party. This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and legal assigns.
e. Change in Law/Third Party Charges. This Agreement is subject to any federal, state, local, or utility changes in law, which includes changes in legislation, orders, rules, tariffs, regulations, policies, riders, fees, pricing structures, capacity charges, and changes in customer load profiles (each, a "Change in Law" or "Third Party Change"). If there is a Change in Law or Third Party Change, which results in a material increase in cost to the Company, Company may adjust your rate based upon the actual incremental cost incurred from such Change in Law or Third Party Change. This provision applies to all rate plans, whether fixed, index or variable.
f. Governing Law; Venue. To the maximum extent permitted by law, (i) Venue for any lawsuit brought to enforce any term or condition of this Agreement shall lie exclusively in the State of New York; and (ii) the Agreement shall be construed under and shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to the application of its conflicts of law principles. You and the Company unconditionally waive any right to trial by jury in any action,
proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement or the Services provided by the Company. In the event of litigation, this paragraph may be filed to show a written consent to a trial by the court.
g. Non-Waiver. The failure by one party to require performance of any provision shall not affect that party's right to require performance at any time thereafter, nor shall a waiver of any breach or default of this Agreement constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself.
h. Complete Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the final and complete agreement between you and the Company. It is the complete and exclusive expression of the terms and conditions agreed upon for the matters contained in this Agreement. All prior and contemporaneous negotiations and agreements between the parties on the matters contained in this Agreement are expressly merged into and superseded by this Agreement.
i. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable, then such provision will be automatically modified to reflect the parties' intention. All remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
j. Electronic Signatures and Notices. Each party agrees that electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties to execute this Agreement are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures. Electronic signature means any electronic sound, symbol or process attached to or logically associated with a record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign such record, including facsimile or e-mail electronic signatures. Customer agrees that Company may send Customer notices via electronic means if Customer provides an e-mail address or other way of communicating electronically. You have a duty to provide a correct, working email address and update it accordingly; if you fail to do so, you could miss important notices.
k. Environmental Disclosure. Company will provide regularly updated environmental disclosures regarding the known sources of electricity and emissions. These disclosures will be available at: ppandu.com.
I. Confidentiality. Neither party shall disclose the terms of this Agreement to any third party (other than such party's employees, lenders, counsel, transferees, assignees, accountants or other advisors) except in order to comply with any applicable law, order, regulatory or exchange rule.
m. Third Party Providers; Energy Related Products. The Company only provides electricity and natural gas to you. Occasionally, Company may work with third party providers that will offer you energy related products or rebates related to your electricity and natural gas purchases. If you select such offer or rebate from a third party, or elect to bundle or purchase a product that is not electricity or natural gas, or if a product that is installed in your home by a third party provider, such as a thermostat ("Energy Related Products"), you must contact the third party provider of such Energy Related Products for any products

issues, rebates, warranties, or billing and service questions. Company will have no liability to you for Energy Related Products.

## DEFINITIONS

"Agents" means parties that need to know Customer Information in connection with Services and Company's affiliates and subcontractors.
"Change in Usage" only applies if your historical aggregate peak demand exceeds 1 MW , and means deviation in your energy consumption or peak demand (either positive or negative) in the aggregate total of all separately metered accounts in excess of ten percent (10\%) from your monthly historical usage and/or demand or such other usage and demand terms that were customized for you in your Enrollment Documentation.
"Commercial Customer" means: (i) for natural gas, a customer that consumes, more than five thousand therms of natural gas per year at a single premises with multiples meters or at multiple premises, and (ii) for electricity, a nonresidential customer that consumes more than fifteen thousand kilowatt hours per year in a Utility service territory.
"Credit Enhancements" means cash escrow or deposit, establishing an ACH debit relationship with Company, or providing other reasonable assurances to the Company to establish your credit worthiness. If a deposit is required, before any deposit is taken, Customer will be provided notice as to all terms and conditions on such deposit, the amount and the rate of interest paid on the deposit and conditions associated with the return of any deposit at the time of Agreement termination.
"Customer Information" means account contact information, account number, meter number, billing history, payment history, historical and future electricity and natural gas estimated usage, meter readings and characteristics of your electricity and natural gas service. It includes information obtained from the Utility as well as any information that you provide directly to Company or its Agents.
"Default" means: (i) failure to maintain credit requirements or provide necessary credit information or Credit Enhancements, (ii) a Change in Usage event, or (iii) any material breach of the requirements of, or representations made under, this Agreement.
"Delivery Points" means: (i) for natural gas transported by interstate pipelines, the city gate stations of your Utility, and (ii) for electricity, one or more points at which Company, as your agent, has arranged for the delivery of electricity to a third party (such as your Utility) for your account or at your premises.
"Disputes" means any claims or controversies against each other related in any way to, or arising from the Company's Services, this Agreement, or any related agreements, including but not limited to, billing, services and practices, policies, contract practices (including enforceability), service claims, privacy, or advertising, even if it arises after your

Services with the Company have terminated. Disputes include any claims that: (i) you bring against the Company or any of its employees, agents, affiliates, or other representatives; (ii) you bring against a third party that are based on, relate to, or arise from the Company's Services, this Agreement or any related agreements; or (iii) that the Company brings against you. It also includes, but is not limited to, claims related in any way to, or arising from any aspect of the relationship between you and the Company, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory.
"Enrollment Documentation" means any application or enrollment documents, whether in paper, electronic, internet, phone or otherwise, provided in order to commence Services, and the Enrollment Form and any attachments.
"Fees" means taxes, fees, assessments, government charges and charges levied by your Utility for distribution and other services and taxes, fees paid to brokers and other third-party entities that may have referred you to Company for Services, fees and charges levied by Company or any other entity authorized to levy taxes, fees or charges for or related to the Services. This may include, but shall not be limited to, Utility taxes, gross receipts taxes, and sales or use taxes imposed on Company and/or you by federal, state, and/or local authorities that Company passes through to you.
"Purchased Quantities" means all the electricity or natural gas supply, or any combination of the two, that Company must purchase for your business.
"Rate" means Fixed Rate, Index Rate, or Variable Rate, as applicable.
"Sales Points" means: (i) for natural gas, a point or points located outside of the State of Illinois selected from time to time by Company to ensure service reliability, and (ii) for the electricity, a point or points on the PJM or MISO administered transmission system located outside the municipal and county limits of your service address location, selected from time to time by Company to ensure service reliability.
"Service" or "Services" means all the electricity or natural gas supply, or any combination of the two, that Company must purchase for your business, as you have selected to be provided to you by Company in your Enrollment Documentation. Not all Services are available in all areas.

# ATTACHMENT A <br> AUTHORIZED METERS FOR SERVICE 

| Utility: <br> AME | Account No: <br> 4292673130 | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: <br> IL |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
| Utility: | Account No: | Service Address: | City, State, Zip: |
